adaptions and clarifications on releases in README (#2428)
gardenlinux/gardenlinux: README.md

| cloud and baremetal images | Quarterly         | [Download](https://github.com/gardenlinux/gardenlinux/releases)                                 |
| base container images      | Quarterly         | [Download](https://github.com/gardenlinux/gardenlinux/pkgs/container/gardenlinux)               |
| bare python container      | Quarterly         | [Download](https://github.com/gardenlinux/gardenlinux/pkgs/container/gardenlinux%2Fbare-python) |
| bare libc container        | Quarterly         | [Download](https://github.com/gardenlinux/gardenlinux/pkgs/container/gardenlinux%2Fbare-libc)   |
| bare nodejs container      | Quarterly         | [Download](https://github.com/gardenlinux/gardenlinux/pkgs/container/gardenlinux%2Fbare-nodejs) |

The cloud and baremetal images provided by Garden Linux are compatible with various cloud platforms, including Alibaba Cloud, AWS, Microsoft Azure and GCP.

## Download Nightly Releases 

[Nightly](docs/00_introduction/release.md#nightly-releases) releases can be downloaded from the same sources and are either tagged or named `nightly`.

> [!WARNING]  

> > Nightly releases do not include maintenance commitments and are therefore not recommended for production environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Nightly releases do not include maintenance commitments and never receive updates.
> Advanced users are invited to try them out, but it **is strongly discouraged** to use them in any sort of production environment.
```
